---
stoplight-id: tapxhqeg3xlk3
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.11.0 - 2023-06-22

### Added

* Added the functionality of creating smartlinks with open amount.

**SMARTLINKS - Create Smartlink:**
  - Added `paymentConfigType` field as a new request parameter.
  - Added the `hidePayButtonAmount` and `payButtonText` fields within the `generalConfig ` object in the request.
  - Added new `paymentConfig` object for open amount. New `taxEnabled`,`currency`, `defaultAmount`, `taxPercentage`, `minAmount`, and `maxAmount` fields added for this object.
  - Added `language` parameter in the request.

  
**SMARTLINKS - Update Smartlink:**
  - Added `paymentConfigType` field as a new request parameter.
  - Added the `hidePayButtonAmount` and `payButtonText` fields within the `generalConfig ` object in the request.
  - Added new `paymentConfig` object for open amount. New `taxEnabled`,`currency`, `defaultAmount`, `taxPercentage`, `minAmount`, and `maxAmount` fields added for this object.
  - Added `language` parameter in the request.

  **SMARTLINKS - Get Smartlink:**
  - Added `paymentConfigType` field in the response.
  - Added the `hidePayButtonAmount` and `payButtonText` fields within the `generalConfig ` object in the response
  - Added `taxEnabled`,`currency`, `defaultAmount`, `taxPercentage`, `minAmount`, and `maxAmount` fields for the response within the `paymentConfig` object.