---
stoplight-id: 5286dntifom21
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.12.2 - 2023-10-23

### Added

- Added `propina` property to `extraTaxes` object.
- Added error codes `K505`, `K015` and `K555` to the error catalog.
- Added information about initializing a subscription to the `subscriptionDay` field within the request on endpoints **Create a Smartlink** and **Update a Smartlink**.
- **CARD - Request a card token**: 
  - Added `isDeferred` property in endpoint request.
  - Added information about external subscriptions without sending the cvv in the endpoint description.
  - Added response example for response type 400 "GL - K015 - Transacción no permitida sin ccv2.".
- **CARD - Make a charge or deferred charge**:
  - Information about deferrals in Mexico was added to the description of the endpoint.
  - Added response example for response type 400 "GL - K505 - La transacción fue declinada por el procesador o emisor.".


