---
stoplight-id: frt4a22iubn7j
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.12.0 - 2023-08-31

### Added

- CARD - **Request a card token**:
    - Added information in the description of the request body for merchants in Mexico that have their own recurring transaction engine and/or that wish to validate an account. NOTE: Applies only to México, Colombia, Perú and Chile.
    - Added `transactionMode` field for recurring charges or account verification in Mexico, Colombia, Perú and Chile.
    - Added the request examples `Initial recurring charge token`, `Subsequent recurring charge` and `Account Verification`.

- Added the **CARD - Reauthorize payments** endpoint for reauthorizations in México, Colombia, Perú and Chile.

- The **CARD - Verify Account** endpoint was added to verify that a credit card is active and has a balance. Applies only to Colombia, México, Perú and Chile.

### Changed

- CARD - **Authorize payments**:
    - Updated endpoint description indicating the expiration time of an authorization in Mexico, Colombia, Perú and Chile.

- CARD - **Capture an authorized payment**:
    - Updated endpoint description to add support for reauthorizations in México, Colombia, Perú and Chile.

- `Card` Schema:
    - The description for the CVV field was updated indicating that it is optional in Mexico if the merchant has its own recurring charges engine and the `subsequentRecurrence` value is sent in the `transactionMode` field.

- The table Services by country was updated. Added `Reauthorize payments` and `Verify Account` endpoints.

- 3DS was enabled for Chile and Colombia in one-time and recurring payments.
