---
stoplight-id: vtzvpu6uof64w
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.14.0 - 2024-01-29

### Added 

* Added support for 3D Secure authentication in API integrations.

* Added `binCard` property to binInfo schema.

* CARD - Request a card token:

    * Added **3D Secure (3DS) authentication** section in the endpoint description.
    * Added `url` field in response type 200 for a required 3D Secure authentication.
    * Added `authValidation` and `callbackUrl` fields in the request for 3D Secure authentication.


* CARD - Make a charge or deferred charge:

    * Added example `GL -  K322 - Autenticación fallida - Sin validación de seguridad` of type 400 in the response for a failed 3D Secure authentication
    * Added `amount`, `binInfo`, `created`, `merchantId`, `requestAmount`, `transactionStatus`, `transactionType` properties in 400 type response.
    
    * Added error parameter `isoErrorCode`  within `details` object for declined transactions in Kushki acquiring model.

* CARD - Authorize payments
    * Added error parameter `isoErrorCode`  within `details` object for declined transactions in Kushki acquiring model.


* CARD ASYNC
   * Added `CARD ASYNC - Authorize payments`, `CARD ASYNC - Capture payments`, `ASYNC CARD RECURRING CHARGES - Authorize payments` and `ASYNC CARD RECURRING CHARGES - Capture an authorized payment` services in the **services by country**  table.

* ONE-CLICK & SCHEDULED PAYMENTS - Make an One-click payment
    * Added error parameter `isoErrorCode`  within `details` object for declined transactions in Kushki acquiring model.


* Kushki Error Catalog
   
   * Added ISO Error Codes article with responses from the card franchises in the `isoErrorCode` field.
 



### Changed

* Updated the description of the `CARD - Void a transaction` endpoint to add information about partial voids.
* Updated the description of the `CARD - Refund a transaction` endpoint to add information about partial refunds.
* The table of **services by country** was updated with the http method type in the request and links to each service.
