---
stoplight-id: w0hfr78r5q8lr
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.3.1 - 2022-06-24

### Added


- Added the `IVAagenciaDeViaje` field in `extraTaxes` object for airlines in Colombia.
- Added `accountType` field in `card` object for **CARD - Request a card token** and **ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES - Request a recurring charge token** endpoints. This field will be required for debit card transactions in Colombia.
- Added `jwt` field in **CARD - Request a card token** and **ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES - Request a recurring charge token** endpoints to add support to 3DS via API.
- Added **PE, CO - 3DS authentication required** and **PE - 3DS authentication not required** request examples on CARD - Request a card token endpoint.
- Added **PE, CO - 3DS authentication required** and **PE - 3DS authentication not required** response examples on CARD - Request a card token endpoint.
- Example of response code 400 **PE, CO - 3DS Otp not validated** added in the **Make a charge or deferred charge** endpoint.
- Example of response code 500 **GL - JWT expired or invalid** added in the **Make a charge or deferred charge** endpoint.
- Added `baseMessage`, `paymentBrand` and `transactionReference` fields in **CARD - Make a charge or deferred charge** endpoint for responde code 400.
- Examples of response code 400 added in the **Create a recurring charge** endpoint.
- Updated schema for 400 code response on **ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES - Make an on-demand charge** endpoint.
- Example of response code 400 **GL - Declined transaction** added in the **ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES - Make an on-demand charge** endpoint.

### Changed

- Transfer In - Init Transaction: response of `referenceNumber` will be `1111111` for México.