---
stoplight-id: qa0si7i5yosmn
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.5.1 - 2022-08-29

### Changed 

ASYNC CARD RECURRING CHARGES - **Authorize payments**:
  - Replaced `token` field with `subscriptionId` in request.

- The category **ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES** was renamed to **ONE-CLICK & SCHEDULED PAYMENTS**.

- Replaced the On-demand text with One-click in the documentation.
### Added

- Added the following note to the **CARD - Request a card token** endpoint: **Note: The token delivered by Kushki only encrypts and sends information. If you want to store the card information for future purchases, go to the One-Click & Schedule Charges section**.

- Added the following note in the api overview of one-click and scheduled payments: **NOTE: This service is also known as Tokenization and recurrent charge execution.**
