---
stoplight-id: 47wn3xi795wam
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.5.0 - 2022-07-29

### Changed 

- Updated description in CARD - **Void a transaction** to add partial voids in Mexico.

- Updated description in CARD - **Refund a transaction** to add partial refunds in Mexico

- CARD - **Make a charge or deferred charge** 
  - Updated the endpoint description to indicate that in Mexico the `deferred` object should now be sent instead of months.
  - Updated examples with the change of the `deferred` object for Mexico

- ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES - **Make an on-demand charge**
    - Updated the endpoint description to indicate that in Mexico the `deferred` object should now be sent instead of months.
  - Updated examples with the change of the `deferred` object for Mexico

- CARD - **Authorize payments**
  - Service is now enabled for Mexico

- CARD - **Capture an authorized payment**
  - Service is now enabled for Mexico

- ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES - **Authorize payments**
  - Service is now enabled for Mexico

- ON-DEMAND & SCHEDULED CHARGES - **Capture an authorized payment**
  - Service is now enabled for Mexico

- Updated the table of **Services by country** adding voids and partial refunds, authorization and capture for Mexico.  

- Updated PE, CO, MX - **3DS authentication required** and PE, CO, MX - **3DS authentication not required** examples to add 3DS support in Mexico