---
stoplight-id: 2uhkx8i9u1ss7
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.6.0 - 2023-01-24

### Added

**CARD**
- **Make a charge or deferred charge:** `Webhooks` object was added in the body of the request with its corresponding example.

- **Void:** `Webhooks` object was added in the body of the request with its corresponding example.

- **Refund:** `Webhooks` object was added in the body of the request with its corresponding example.

**TRANSFER IN**
- **Init Transaction:** `Webhooks` object was added in the body of the request with its corresponding example.
  
**TRANSFER OUT**
- **Init Transaction:** `Webhooks` object was added in the body of the request with its corresponding example.
  
**CASH IN** 
- **Init Transaction:**`Webhooks` object was added in the body of the request with its corresponding example.

**CASH OUT**
- **Init Transaction:**`Webhooks` object was added in the body of the request with its corresponding example.


