---
stoplight-id: 5uwgjeex3gkjb
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.8.0 - 2023-02-09

### Changed 

- The table of **services by country** has been updated.
  - The TRANSFER OUT service is now enabled for Chile.

- Chile has been added in the description of the TRANSFER OUT process.

- TRANSFER OUT - **Get Bank List**
  - The service is now enabled for Chile.
  - An example of the response schema for Chile has been added. 

- TRANSFER OUT - **Request Transfer Out Token**
  - The service is now enabled for Chile.
  - The currencies accepted in Chile were added in the body schema: CLP and UF.
  - The `accountType` object was modified in the body schema, adding Chile and specifying the account type for each of the countries where the service is enabled.
  - The `documentType` object was modified in the body schema, deleting the documents of the countries that do not have transfer out and adding the type of document accepted in Chile: **RUT**.
  - Chile has been added in the body schema in the `name` object. 
  - An example of the body schema for Chile has been added. 

- TRANSFER OUT - **Init Transaction**
  - The service is now enabled for Chile.

- TRANSFER OUT - **Get Status**
  - The service is now enabled for Chile.
  - An example of the response schema for Chile has been added. 

### Added

- TRANSFER OUT - **Balance for Payouts**
  - Added new Balance for Payouts endpoint to get your updated balance.
