---
stoplight-id: xstvf8w0iopaj
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.8.2 - 2023-03-22

### Changed 

* Updated the [threeDomainSecure](../../models/threeDomainSecure.yaml) schema description to add information about the `eci` field for Visa and Mastercard. 

### Added

- CARD - **Make a charge or deferred charge**
  - Added "PE, MX: Insecure 3DS transaction successful" and "PE, MX: Insecure 3DS transaction failed" examples in the request.
  - Added "PE, MX: Insecure 3DS transaction failed" example in the response.

- CARD - **Authorize payments**
  - Added "PE, MX: Insecure 3DS transaction successful" and "PE, MX: Insecure 3DS transaction failed" examples in the request.
  - Added "PE, MX: Insecure 3DS transaction failed" example in the response.

- Added `k325` error code in [Error catalog](../error-catalog/Error-Catalog.md)

- Added `acceptRisk` field in the [threeDomainSecure](../../models/threeDomainSecure.yaml) object for insecure 3DS transactions.