---
stoplight-id: wxl2gcidra3mm
---

# Changelog

**Stay up to date with changes and updates to the Kushki API.**

We used the [ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) standard (**YYYY-MM-DD**) for dates, the Semantic Versioning (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**) for version numbers, increasing the:

1. **MAJOR** version when we make incompatible API changes,
2. **MINOR** version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. **PATCH** version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Types of changes

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.``
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

<hr>

## 1.9.3 - 2023-05-24

### Added


- Added error code E015 in the error catalog

- **BRANCHES - Branch Creation Token:**
  - Added information about the number of failed attempts allowed.
  - Added the 404 type error example when an account exceeds the number of attempts allowed.

- **BRANCHES - Create Branches:** 
  - The `pspUserEmail` field is now inside the `branches` object in the request.
  - Updated the request example to reflect changes for the `pspUserEmail` field refactor.
  - Changed the data type of the `pspNotificationEmail` field from string to array of strings. Now it is allowed to send up to 10 emails per request.

- **BRANCHES - Update Branches:**
  - Se agregó el campo subMerchantStatus para cambio de status
  - The `pspUserEmail` field is now inside the `branches` object in the request.
  - Updated the request example to reflect changes for the `pspUserEmail` field refactor.
  - Changed the data type of the `pspNotificationEmail` field from string to array of strings. Now it is allowed to send up to 10 emails per request.



